
Interface is a construct which must be implemented.
Interface is used to maintain uniformity across the application.
for example capturing of date. since we are going to capture date at various place we must implement interface for date 
in such scinario.
The abstract keyword enables you to create classes and class members that are incomplete and must be implemented in a derived class 


sealed class are the class which can not be inherited. example -struct


 You can use a namespace to organize code elements and to create globally unique types. 

Dispose
1.Called explictly

Finalize 
1.Called implictly by garbage collector 


we can have only try block without catch block when Finally is present.


 System namespace lies mscorlib.dll

Ref
 The ref keyword is used to pass an argument as a reference. 
This means that when value of that parameter is changed in the method, it gets reflected in the calling method.
An argument that is passed using a ref keyword must be initialized in the calling method before it is passed to the called method. 

Out
The out keyword is also used to pass an argument like ref keyword, but 
the argument can be passed without assigning any value to it.
An argument that is passed using an out keyword must be initialized in the called method before it returns back to calling method. 

C# 3.0 includes built-in generic delegate types Func and Action, so that you don't need to define custom delegates as above.

 FUNC
 Func is a generic delegate included in the System namespace.
 It has zero or more input parameters and one out parameter.
 The last parameter is considered as an out parameter.


 Static 
 1.static member is common to all the instance of the class 
 2. It is accessed by the name of the classs.

 Constant
 1.It can be initialized at the time of declaration only.
 2.Cannot modify.
 3.Static by default.


 ReadOnly
 1.It can be initialized at the time of declaration and runtime in a constructor.
 
 
 A class can be declared static, indicating that it contains only static members.
 They only contain static members.
They cannot be instantiated.
They are sealed.
They cannot contain
